Modify compute_[blob_]kzg_proof to remove superfluous computations (#3280)
ethereum/consensus-specs: tests/formats/kzg/compute_kzg_proof.md

input:
  blob: Blob -- the data blob representing a polynomial
  z: Bytes32 -- bytes encoding the BLS field element at which the polynomial should be evaluated

> output: Tuple[KZGProof, y] -- The KZG proof and the value y = f(z)

Reviewer: How do you feel about splitting these up like this:

```suggestion
output:
  proof: KZGProof -- The KZG proof
  y: Bytes32 -- The value y = f(z)
```

Regardless, you will want to change `y` to `Bytes32`.

Author: The reason I did not write it like this is that return types typically don't have names -- it's just a tuple of two values. I don't have a strong opinion either way, though.

And yeah it should be `Tuple[KZGProof, Bytes32]`.

Reviewer: That's fair 👍 makes sense to me.

> output: Tuple[KZGProof, Bytes32] -- The KZG proof and the value y = f(z)

Reviewer 2: The test vector results are more like the Python array:
```yaml
output: ['0xc00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000',
  '0x00000000fffffffffe5bfeff02a4bd5305d8a10908d83933487d9d2953a7ed73']
```

We could [hack yaml constructor](https://stackoverflow.com/a/48452275) to make it looks like Tuple, but it may add more overhead for clients to load the files.

It's more correct to just describe it as [YAML sequence](https://www.educative.io/courses/introduction-to-yaml/N881Nq9pVY8#Flow-style)

```suggestion
output: [KZGProof, Bytes32] -- YAML sequence. The first element is KZG proof, and the second element is y = f(z)
```

or just remove "Tuple"

```suggestion
output: [KZGProof, Bytes32] -- The KZG proof and the value y = f(z)
```

Author: I actually don't see this as a problem -- a "tuple" is a sequence type, just one that cannot be appended to or deleted from. YAML doesn't distinguish a tuple from a list because it doesn't have any notion of appending or deleting elements.

So my preference is leaving as is, because it is conceptually a tuple -- it's always exactly two elements.

Reviewer: I prefer explicitly calling it a tuple too.
